gh-126899: Add `**kw` to `tkinter.Misc.after` and `tkinter.Misc.after_idle` (#126900)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  from other interpreters than the one it's called in.

tkinter
-------

> * The methods :meth:`!tkinter.Misc.after` and :meth:`!tkinter.Misc.after_idle`
>   now support passing keyword arguments to the function.

Reviewer: Misc is effectively a mixin class that is never instantiated and whose existence is an implementation detail.  People always call these methods on widgets.

```suggestion
* Make tkinter widget methods ``after`` and ``after_idle`` accept arguments passed by keyword.
```
There are other possible wordings, but as a tkinter user, this seems clear enough to me.

Reviewer 2: I would use formatting ``` :meth:`!after` ```.

  from other interpreters than the one it's called in.

tkinter
-------

> * Add the argument ``**kw`` to method :meth:`!after` and method

Reviewer 2: It is a var-keyword parameter, not argument (see https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-parameter).

I would write something like "The ... methods of ... now support passing keyword aguments to the function." In any case this needs a review by a native English speaker.

Author: Sorry, my translator isn't particularly accurate.

  :meth:`!after_idle` of :mod:`tkinter` widgets so that the keyword argument

>   can passed to ``func`` Conveniently.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  can passed to ``func`` conveniently.
```

Author: The keyword argument here does not refer to `func`.
